Master.
Mr. Tian Yuan has been waiting for you.
The tea in Shanzhou
The tea soup is bright and fragrant.
Especially for health and health.
It's very rare.
Once the royal army takes down Shanzhou,
we'll present this tea to His Majesty as tea.
By then,
I'll recommend you to be the buyer.
The Japanese army likes loyal people.
Anyone who is loyal
will be rewarded.
However,
will never end well.
So I hope you can
can cooperate with the royal army.
Don't hide anything.
Don't you have anything to say?
Aren't you going to explain
for today's disappearance?
Mr. Tian Yuan.
Are you rushing me for military funds?
I didn't do my job well.
Today,
I went to the stores
to urge the rent.
Ask my housekeeper if you don't believe me.
Yes.
Master thinks I'm useless.
and couldn't get the rent.
That's why I went in person.
With that little rent,
with that little rent?
No.
That's why I'm going to pay taxes from the county.
Tax?
That's for the construction of the airport.
You gave it to the Imperial Army.
By then,
how will you report to Cui Wenkui?
Mr. Tian Yuan, this place
will be yours.
including the airport.
So I figured it out.
I have to work with you sincerely
to show my loyalty.
As for Choi Moon-Kui,
I'll tell him
to help the refugees.
I don't think he dares to do anything to me.
Mr. He is really loyal and reliable.
Okay, the day after tomorrow.
I'll go to the county government to withdraw the money.
Master.
Are you really going to hand them all over?
You've worked so hard to save this.
These are worthless to me.
How can it be worthless?
You can save it for the young master.
to get married and have children.
I heard you can study abroad.
It might cost a lot of money.
You need money to do business.
No, young master knows so much.
He must be an official in the future.
in the future.
Master.
Master!
Take the sea.
Later,
I'll go down and break up with everyone.
Master, you can't do this.
Da Hai.
I've treated you badly.
This is a little something from me.
Master.
All these years,
you've been loyal
and took good care of Zheng'er and me.
You must take the money.
You have to do something important for me.
Master, go ahead.
Send these two boxes
to Black Tiger Mountain.
Black Tiger Mountain?
Isn't it for Masahio Tachihara?
Zheng Er.
It's Masao Tachihara who killed him.
Dahai!
Master.
Keep this letter.
And these things
to Shangguan Eagle.
Be careful on the way.
Yes, Master.
Master, Young Master is gone.
Please take care of yourself.
Let's go.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Major, you are right.
He is really weird.
It seems that he knows his son is dead.
So he colluded with the swordsmen of Black Tiger Stronghold
to kill us.
The taxes
should be the bait to lure us in.
Since it's not under our control,
this piece is worthless.
Let me kill him.
Since you know the purpose,
why are you in such a hurry?
What do you mean?
They set up a stage for us.
Let's play a good show with him.
Don't let the audience down.
Go back and tell your master
we've received the money.
We’ll meet him in two days.
Thank you, Master. We’re leaving.
Thank you, bro.
Miss, are you really going down the mountain in two days?
I've received the money. I must keep my promise.
Otherwise,
will break our rules.
Aren’t you afraid that Mr. He will cheat us?
I was worried.
But when I saw He Zheng
when He Zheng died.
He really loves his son.
I want to trust him.
I think there's a way to do it.
Zheng Xiong Tian Yuan killed Zhenshan Liang.
who killed Zhen Shanliang.
and stirred up trouble in Shanzhou.
and repeatedly harmed Qinglong Fortress and Black Tiger Mountain.
We should settle the score with him.
This time, Mr. He went bankrupt
to avenge his son's death.
That's a great opportunity.
We can work together from inside
and catch him in a trap.
to get rid of the country and the people.
Master.
The power of Shanzhou is in chaos.
If anything happens to Miss Leng,
what should I tell Madam?
There you go again. What are you talking about?
I'm not a kid.
Do I need your explanation?
That's not what I meant.
Just in case.
There's no "what if".
You have to go with me.
What if you're here?
It's a deal.
There's a spy in the fortress.
Who is it?
You can't keep him.
I can't let him know about my past.
Young Lady Zhen Zhu, why are you here alone?
Is something bothering you?
No.
I came out for a walk.
You touch your nose when you lie.
You forgot it yourself.
I was thinking
after so many days,
why haven't I heard anything from him?
He's bold and meticulous.
He can overcome all difficulties.
Besides,
God will bless the good.
Sister.
What's wrong? Slow down.
Sister, Young Master is back.
Where is he?
In the front hall.
with Miss Cai.
He seems to be hurt.
Slow down.
This is for dressing the wound.
No.
Isn't this internal?
This is Cai Tao Workshop.
Don't pour too much.
What a waste.
With his body,
This is nothing.
This...
Seriously?
Save the medicine.
You don't need a bag for a minor injury.
Steamed buns.
You're injured. You're injured.
Are you hurt?
It's nothing.
Where are you hurt?
I hurt my arm.
If you hurt other places,
it'll be like a steamed bun beating a dog.
"Be a man, be a man." "Be a man."
You and I...
It's okay. He's not good at shooting.
The bullet looked at me and ran around.
but I hit his head.
You know how to smile.
Don't you know?
He went everywhere in Luoyang City.
That Zhao Zi Long from Changshanpo.
He's a good man. He made the right choice.
Uncle Erbai
How did you meet each other?
You have no idea.
This child has no mother. It's a long story.
We were on the street that day.
Let's talk later.
Yes, we'll talk later.
You're bleeding a lot.
You need to get some rest.
Don't get infected.
Go back.
I'll drink the wine for you.
Go back to your room. Don't think about it.
Slow down.
I'm fine.
You didn't hurt anywhere else.
What happened to your leg? I sprained it.
Seriously?
Since you're here, why don't you come over?
Thank you for coming.
Do you have any concerns?
Aren't you Mr. Tian?
Mr. Chaocang.
I don't understand what you mean.
You know that, don't you?
Although you changed your appearance,
and left a braid.
But the glory of serving the army
can't be erased.
You forced me.
I've left there.
I will never go back.
Do you really think that if you leave Northeast China,
with one more braid
can easily overthrow your past.
Including everything you did?
What do you want?
Although you've left Northeast China,
you were deeply indebted to your godfather.
You must continue to work for the empire.
You can't get rid of this fate.
If you want to fight in Shaanxi,
I can't help you.
I didn't call you here for Shanzhou.
It's Qinglong Fortress.
You want to deal with Shangguan Bao?
I want you to kill him.
Why did you kill him?
If he doesn't die,
he will lead the swordsman to the National Party
or the Communist Party.
That's a great power.
I don't want the empire
to go further.
I can't do it.
He treated me well.
I would have died long ago without him.
If you insist on letting me kill him,
you might as well kill me first.
Is it worth it for Shangguan Bao?
Even if I can't repay your kindness,
I can't repay kindness with hatred.
Your foster father trained you.
you should know how to repay kindness.
Fine.
You don't have to kill him.
But you must promise
he and their swordsmen
can't go against the Japanese army.
Otherwise,
neither of you will end up well.
Let me try.
But I can't guarantee
Shangguan Bao is very stubborn.
It's not a try, but he must do it.
Chaocang.
I've taken a step back.
If you don't know what's good for you,
I'll send your file to Qinglong Fortress.
With your real identity,
You have Chinese blood on your hands.
will your brothers and children
will they still believe you?
Stop working.
Sit down and take a rest.
You're driving me crazy.
Tell me
How did you get hurt?
Did you save everyone?
Also, how did you
and Uncle Huo.
How have you been these days?
Why do you ask me so many questions all of a sudden?
Tell me.
Which one should I answer first?
Have some tea.
We've saved him.
And it went well.
We blew up a firearms magazine of the kid.
Awesome, right?
Really?
Of course.
Have some tea.
Is it good?
Yes.
By the way,
I have to tell you something.
What?
When I was in Luoyang,
I know.
Actually, Cai Zhen is the younger sister
who grew up with me.
Choi Moon-bae.
When I was staying at her house,
She took care of me.
Then she went missing.
I didn't expect her to become a revolutionary.
And now you're my superior.
Isn't it amazing?
So you mean
she is the owner of the jade pendant?
I said when I first saw her,
when I first saw her.
She kept it from me.
because she didn't want me to be distracted.
and affect my safety during the mission.
She's so thoughtful.
It's good to find her.
Her personality is much better than her brother.
She's generous and kind.
Sister.
Look.
I picked this for you
from the back mountain.
Eat it.
Isn't it your favorite?
Why do you look
look unhappy?
Young Master is back.
He’s not upset.
I see.
Are you worried about Young Master’s injury?
I’m fine.
Chae Jin has been bandaged.
It's not that serious.
Or are you worried
about going down the mountain tomorrow?
Nini,
Do you like him?
Yes.
What's good about him?
I just think he's good.
I think he's good.
Look, you're smiling.
Here, eat the pears.
you'll be happier.
The pear is sweet.
and a lot of juice.
Every time I eat,
every time I eat.
You are just a child.
Let’s send some to Young Master later.
I hope you can always be happy.
Of course.
I'm here.
You’re back.
Have you seen Young Master?
He and Huo Lang have been looking for you.
This young man is amazing.
He broke out of Luoyang City
alone.
Awesome.
I just saw it.
Yes.
Okay, that's good.
Let's eat.
We have your favorite braised fish today.
I'll go get the chick.
Your daughter is always crazy.
and doesn’t go home.
Meixiang.
Have you
lately?
My problem is...
The stove, the corner.
There's nothing new about me.
Well,
did you meet anyone suspicious?
What's wrong?
I'm asking you seriously.
I'm so lonely.
Only a few brothers
can call their names.
He even memorized the family tree.
There's no one suspicious.
The world is chaotic.
I got you some good men
to protect you.
You and Nini have to take them with you.
Also,
don't go down the mountain.
If you need anything,
if you need anything.
Remember.
What are you doing?
Go to jail.
No need.
Why are you so mysterious
Why are you so mysterious?
Can I beg you?
If anything happens to you and Ni,
I'll be dead.
Fine, you are the legal executive.
I'll listen to you, okay?
Seriously.
So suspicious.
What are you doing?
Dinner is coming.
I remember I have something to do.
I have to go.
Father.
Are you not eating?
Mother, what's wrong with dad?
Who knows?
your father has been so mysterious lately.
Find a doctor for your father when you go down the mountain.
to recuperate.
Master.
Uncle Zhao.
Did you see
come here yesterday?
I don't know.
Although Mr. He is the spy,
it should be safe.
But Zheng Xiong Tawahara is cunning
and hard to deal with.
I haven't recovered yet.
I can't move.
So I asked Mr. Choi
to help you.
Don't worry.
This time, it's the battle between
of the Heihu Mountain.
What's the big deal about Tanaka Xiong?
Besides,
Shanzhou is our country.
We're working together from inside.
This time, we'll definitely catch a turtle in a jar.
In terms of power,
it must be us swordsmen who have the upper hand.
But in terms of Agent War,
you're not as good as Masahio Tahara.
Only Comrade Choi
He has the most combat experience.
along the way,
you should listen to her advice.
Don't worry. We'll listen to her.
The situation is not as simple as we thought.
You must be careful.
Don't let your guard down.
Let's go.
Sister, be careful.
I'll leave Miss Leng's safety to you.
Don't worry, Master.
Don't worry.
Major.
According to our informant,
the swordsmen from Black Tiger Mountain are on their way.
Good.
As I expected,
they finally
to take my head.
But are we still going to see Magistrate He?
Of course.
Without us,
without us?
They all think they are the lead.
They're actually trying to make us look good.
Let's go.
Yes!
Mr. Tanaka, what a coincidence!
I was just ready
to send it to you.
Is it enough?
Very good.
Mr. He is indeed
of the Japanese army.
Keep your word.
Once the royal army takes down Shanzhou,
I will reward you.
Wait!
Mr. Tanaka, calm down.
Have some tea before you go.
Sure.
I wonder
to keep me here?
I'm flattered.
I just want to discuss the situation
with Mr. Tanaka.
so that I can be prepared.
What do you want to prepare?
I mean
when will you enter Shaanxi?
I welcome you.
Mr. He.
Shanzhou is just the smallest part of our strategy.
The Imperial Army will advance west soon.
Through the jumping board in Shanzhou,
to include
into our layout.
Is Mr. He waiting for someone?
No.
What are you talking about?
Today,
you are the only guest I invited.
Really?
Yes.
[Could it be...]
Are you...
Aren't you waiting for the swordsman from Heihu Stronghold?
What do you mean?
You want to avenge your son.
That's why I invited a swordsman from Black Tiger Mountain
to ambush me.
Am I right?
Do you think you can keep me like this?
No.
I knew it.
But I have a backup plan.
Masao Tahara.
You killed my son.
You're a beast.
I've made up my mind.
I'm going to die with you today.
I forgot to tell you.
I am also a samurai of the empire.
Uncle Zhao.
It's you who's playing tricks around me.
Thank you.
You've been pretending to be a cripple for so long.
Come back with me.
and confess that
are your accomplices.
Or I'll torture you
for you.
I'll make sure you can't survive.
You can't die.
Let's go.
Wait.
Something is wrong.
What's wrong?
There's only one pot at the door.
It's the signal Mr. He promised me.
That means the Japanese have entered.
There are many people on the street.
No one is here today.
Don't you think it's strange?
No one can do it right.
Don't act rashly.
Wait for me here.
I'll go take a look.
Uncle Erbai
The Japanese have entered.
They will leave anytime.
Let's go in first.
Miss Leng, let's not wait for her.
We can't wait.
Kill the Japanese first.
Let's go.
Let's go!
Go inside.
I've been playing eagle all my life.
Today, the eagle pecked my eyes.
No, there are too many people outside.
We have to find a way to get out.
Fire!
Young Lady Zhen Zhu, you and Ms. Huo go first.
I'll cover them.
No.
The brothers outside died because of me.
I should go.
Listen to me.
It's my duty to protect you.
I'll cover you.
Go.
Hurry up.
Hurry up!
Stop arguing.
I'll block you. You two go back alive.
Let's go.
Hurry!
Are you all right?
Thanks to you.
Thank you, Brigade Commander Cui.
I'll never forget your kindness.
Please allow me to repay you later.
You're welcome.
I always respect the anti-Japanese.
Besides,
you should thank Miss Cai.
She didn’t go to the Brigade to find me.
I might not come.
Actor table.
Zhang Yakun.
and actors.
Su Tianhui, Yang Wanlin, Zhao Dongliang, Chen Yile, Wang Lusheng.
Yang Ziyi, Tian Chenzhe
Zhang Fan Cheng speaks.
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Shengseng, Yang Haoyu, Zhou Chaoyang
to perform.
Zhang Hongbo, Gong Jianfeng, Li Kaiwu, Zhuang, Tao, Sun Haochun.
Liu, Tong, Wang, Wang, Liu Jiawen, Sun Jinjin. Wang Yukun.
Ji, Chao, Zhao Zhigang, Kung, Ji Youyi Peng Zhenfu.
Shou Chen Yao, the jungle competition, Rui Qian.
Qin Haosen, Liu Mingjun, Zhang Liangliang, Lin.
Wu Jinxing, Feng Yonghao, Wei Long, Deng Bao.
Liu Hongguo, Yang Chenglin, Liu Yinlong.
Guan Chi, Rui, Zhang Ke'er, Yang Junjie, Cui Yu.
Feng Qi Meng, Chen Weipeng.
Staff Form.
Staff table.
Director team.
Hou Yu Na.
The production team.
Qianqian.
Photography team.
Lighting Team.
The clothing team.
Han Yuchao.
Wang Zhencheng.
Team B Costume Assistant Li Jinli Feng Xiaohui
The dressing team.
Art team.
Props team.
Wu Weiguo.
Set team.
Jang Song Chan.
Action team.
Fireworks team.
Yao Jitao.
Armed team.
The recording team.
The venue team.
Driver team.
Wei Zidian, Qiao Chunsheng, Yang, Tao, Chen Jianfen Kang Jiping.
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Rong Xi.
Su Gao Feng Liu De Yu Zhai Yongming Zou Youwei
Zhang Chenggui, Su Mingxin, Liu Hongxing, Di Yuping Xu Guanglle.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li Zhang Chang.
Shiyan, Xu Ian,
Ge Wenlong, Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang Zhang Jianping.
Xu Ying Quan, Yang Shuli, Chen Yongsheng, Liu Junfeng Liu Fu Min.
Cut.
[Wu Xiaobo] Hello.
Wu Xiaobo.
behind the scenes, Shin Bae-jin.
[Late production]
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
dubber
Music production.
Theme song, Hero.
Tang Tiantian.
Liu Keming.
Chen Yue.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
Shandong Blumund Red Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
Shanzhou District Public Government
Shanzhou District Civil Government
People of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou
The Jade Association of Shanzhou District
Shanzhou District, Temple, Village Scenic Area.
[Seobu Village Committee of Lingbao City]
The village committee of Shanzhou District,
Jiangzhou Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Special cooperation unit.
The People's Government of Sanmen City
There are three Municipal Commission in total.
The People's Government
There are three districts in total.
[Guangzhou District]
The People's Government of Shanzhou District
The People's Government of Wenji County.
Henan Yunyang Liquor Co., Ltd.
The People's Government of Laji County.
[Sanmen Hua City Swan Lake Wetland Park]
Sanmen Cultural Tourism Investment Group.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.
Jiangjiang Dongyang Mai Jiang Culture Co., Ltd.
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Guangguang.
TV station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
Henan Provincial Film Association.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Gansu Lanyi Culture Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film Production Co., Ltd.
[Qianzhou Cultural Development Co., Ltd.]
Qijin (Quanzhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
I'll reward Zhang Bing first.